okay so I like to do is follow ready
you're gonna say Ronald MacDonald loves
his big mac okay you need to be louder
than that I need to make sure that you
have the big back to all right so do it
yet Ronald MacDonald loves his big oh
gee wawa his big mac Ronald MacDonald
loves his french fries to Allah his
french fries Ronald MacDonald loves his
milkshake
bhuj you are rock this milkshake Ronald
MacDonald loves just for size who you
are you are super size last one Ronald
MacDonald loves his drive through
fujitsu all his drive through hoochie
chihuahua his milkshake gucci Chihuahua
is super-sized fujiwa dis french fries
food sheets you all his big mac